All members present
Initial discussion of the project
Assigned group roles
Team Lead - Andrew
Note Taker - Manny
No further noteworthy info

Monday feb 10th 2025-

Minutes of today and Wednesday will be in deliverable 2 
One use case per person 

Use cases for member administrator 	- nick 
Use case treasure - Andrew 
Use case standard user - Manny 

Feb 12th 2025 - 
Include and exclude use cases must be separate 
1-2 paragraph page stating what was individually done for the deliverable and labeled per section.

Del 2 should state what use cases you worked on and give 2 or 3 complete use cases you did and examples (nonbasic ones).

Late fees need to be added to the SRS 1 
Remember to state who the recorder and the team lead 
Details on git need to be in the SRS Document
If the SRS is modified, we need to submit a revised copy (just copy and paste from git)
Summary of the changes or highlight the changes 

In minutes, identify the recorder and lead 

For use cases, write step-by-step instructions/operations in order to complete a function
 Includes and excludes are separate and explain what is being displayed (what happens in these cases)

Thursday, 2/13/2025
Meeting: Teams Meeting
Time: 3:00 pm - 4:00 pm
Attn: Manny, Andrew, Nick
The meeting was chaired by Manny. Andrew was the designated recorder
* Discussed use case deliverable
   - Manny was put in charge of use cases for a standard club member
   - Nick was responsible for use cases for the Member Administrator
   - Andrew was assigned to use cases for the Treasurer
* Edits were made to the SRS document to align with suggestions from the last review meeting
* Follow-up meeting scheduled for Sunday noon to review use cases and scenarios for different actors as discussed 
* Collective agreement to submit all documents at 11:30 pm on Monday, 2/17, to ensure enough time for revisions
